# Aug 16, 2022
We are just getting started with the outline idea of our project. We have decided on a yoga app for instructors to make accounts and upload their own demo videos, and schedule live streams to live student audiences (with a limit of attendees). Students can create accounts and sign up for instructor classes (live streams). Now, we are taking the time to look over our outline and divvy up the work between us. I am excited to finally start building! By the end of the week, we should have clearer ideas of our roles.

# Aug 17, 2022
Today my goal is to have most of the outline for the project sculpted so we have clear goals and structure to then "divvy out". It seems that the flow of the project combined with the daily work in class is a bit fragmented - it makes it hard to focus on this project with full attention. 


# Aug 18, 2022
Today we started by working on the docker-compose file together. Dalonte hopped in and gave us very useful feedback on our MVP, so we made a few changes to it and discussed how to implement those changes, or turn them into 'stretch'. We edited the README file together to show those changes and provide further clarification. We ended by roughly discussing our individual roles in the project, and I feel comfortable moving forward.


# Aug 19, 2022
Today we struggled a bit with Docker. Some group members' worked perfectly fine, while for others (including mine), the containers were not running properly. We spent a majority of the day figuring this out. We also discussed who will be working on what, and we decided that everyone will kinda do a mix of front-end and backend. Basically, we will work on the pieces together and help others when need be. Josh also helped explain how to write function components in the form of a hook, which I had some experience with from project beta, but the refresher was definitely useful for all of us. Overall, we were just focusing on getting the project up and running for everyone. Alex did a great job of creating a skeleton of the project for all of us, and even put together a rough idea of what we want our home page to look like. Definitely a stress-reliever for me as we started out the week a little frazzled and unorganized, but now I feel like we have a good basis of where to begin our independent work.

# Aug 22, 2022
Today we started pair-programming. Carlos, Mindy and I worked on the front-end aspects. For the first portion of the day I shared my screen and created the Create Instructor form as well as the Create Student form, and we edited the App.js and Nav.js files. Basically, we made sure all our routes were working and we have a good base regarding the forms. Josh and Alex worked on the backend together. I would say we had a pretty successful work day. Compared to last week, it's nice to actually start writing code and see the progress being made. Tomorrow we will probably look into creating lists.

# Aug 23, 2022
Carlos, Mindy and I continued to work on the front end. The backend isn't up and running quite yet, so we weren't able to link the pages yet, but we made fake databases that we could use in the meantime to test if the pages worked. The pages are currently skeletons of what we want the final product to look like, so we will be coming back to each of them to make alterations in the future once the backend is fully set up and running. Carlos was having some computer lagging issues so I was able to commit a lot of the code that he wrote, for testing purposes. We had a couple group stand-ups throughout the day, in which we solidified our understanding of what we want the final project to look like. Tomorrow, Carlos, Mindy, and I plan on revisiting the front-end pages we worked on since Josh and Alex have almost finished the backend parts needed to make most of those pages fully functioning. We also plan on figuring out Log in/Log out pages by the end of the week, with authorization included. 

# Aug 24, 2022
Today was a big blocker day. We worked on connecting the backend to the frontend and had a couple errors that we had never seen before. Zach helped us quite a bit. We pretty much worked through this the entire day, and still have some left to figure out for tomorrow. We got the Create Student form to work and are now working to figure out the Create Instructor form. Our whole team worked together a lot today to help figure out all these errors on both the frontend and backend. 

# Aug 25, 2022
We had a more relaxed day today, and had a lot of discussions as a group. We are almost finished connecting a lot of frontend pages to the backend. We discussed using next week to focus on Log in/log out as well as the instructor and student profiles. Carlos, Mindy, and I also spent a large chunk of time trying to create "cards" for the instructors. We followed a Bootstrap example but for some reason could not figure out why our columns and rows were connected. We ended up just reverting back to the original page and will spend more time on that mostly as a stretch.

# Aug 29, 2022
Today, we started by taking a look at authorization and Cooper helped explain the basic details of it. We spent the morning before lunch doing research and watching YouTube videos to familiarize ourselves with how we will make that work, however we are waiting on the Authorization Cookbook to be reposted so we can really dive in and start figuring all that out. We have two separate log ins - one for users, and one for instructors, so I think once we get the ball rolling it's definitely going to take a lot of effort and research to get everything going. Aside from that, Carlos, Mindy, and I worked more on the frontend. I created two React pages - the Instructor Portal and the Student Portal, which are basically profiles that the users will see once they log in. Since we don't have auth or login/logout figured out yet, these pages are just basic sketches of what we want them to look like and are not yet linked to any current user. Josh also finished making bug fixes on the backend, so we were finally able to link our react pages to it. So, were able to finish the Classes List as well as the Create Class form. I ran a lot of test on the site and in Insomnia today to make sure everything is working the way we intend it to. Towards the end of the day, we started trying to figure out how to make the Instructor List look like individual cards - still working on that, but I think Mindy has been doing some research and has been working on a separate branch to try and figure that out. Overall, we had a pretty productive Monday!


# Aug 30, 2022
Today was an AMAZING DAY!! The We were able to figure out Auth - which we expected to take us all week - in one day, thanks to our SEIRs :)! The Authorization Cookbook helped a lot, but we learned we needed to change around a few things in our file (compared to the Auth.js file given in the cookbook) to make it fit our project. This was all very new to all of us so it took quite some time. It was fun learning how to work through it and understand how everything worked, rather than just getting away with copying and pasting it. We had to make some bug fixes to the backend that dealt with the jwt tokens, and by editing the views for api_students and api_instructors, we were able to successfully create and delete tokens. At first, we thought the views for the tokens would require both post and delete functions, but we figured out that wasn't necessary with the djwto tokens, which was a relief. Overall, today was extremely rewarding and a big weight off my shoulders.

# Aug 31, 2022
Carlos, Mindy and I started off the morning sketching an outline of what we have left to do. Carlos opened up an Excalidraw and we mapped out what we wanted some of the pages to look like and what we wanted them to include. We started by changing the Nav.js to only show certain components when the user is logged in, or when there is a token. We started to encounter a blocker when trying to show the profile of the logged in user. We spent a majority of the day after lunch working with Dalonte and Cooper working around how to figure that out, and we are still stuck going into tomorrow. We will spend more time tomorrow discussing how we are going to go about login functionalities.

# Sept 1, 2022
Today, we met as a full group and continued our discussion on how to make the profile pages show for the current user. Josh had a good idea of how to implement it, so he shared his screen and worked on lifting the state of the user. He created a filter that filtered to the current user, and by the end of the day he finally got it working! We still have a lot of places that we need to implement filters, but with this one working I feel confident in tackling those tomorrow.